README.md, before:

# client-server-libs

**Experimenting with different technologies that require client-server interaction**

## Features

- [Turborepo](https://turborepo.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) v18, [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/) v14.1, [ExpressJS](https://expressjs.com/), [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/) v10.3
- 100% [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and Eslint setup alongside `pre-commit` hook.
- [Dockerize](https://docs.docker.com/) images
- Github Actions to test apps & docker images build

## Get Started

The code for shared packages are in the `packages` folder & the applications code in the `apps` folder.

Install `node_modules`

```
yarn
```

Build, run, lint or test all your apps in one command thanks to [Turborepo's Pipelines](https://turborepo.org/docs/core-concepts/pipelines)

To build all the shared packages,

```
turbo lib:build
```

Each of the applications have common scripts which can be easily executed in parallel by turborepo's pipelines. Add these in `turbo.json`.

| Command | Result |
|-|-|
|`dev`| Run development server |
|`build`| Build the application |
|`start`| Run the production build |
|`prod`| Build the app and then run the build |
|`lint`| Run eslint to fix code |

## Support Me

If you found these code snippets helpful and saved your valuable time, please consider [buying me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/nish1896).

Commit message:

Graphql server, eslint v9, nestjs-11, next-15, react-19 (#13)
* add gql dependencies

* graphql-server pkg

* graphql ts integration

* generate types from graphql schema

* merge schema wip

* multiple gql schemas done

* fix build err

* schema design wip

* graphql-scalars wip

* wip

* correct schema with sample data

* basic queries working

* wip

* def resolvers in diff files, rename graphql dir to schema

* def missing resolvers from schema

* product resolver

* def data types

* wip

* wip

* resolvers

* fix getCustomerOrders query

* mutation ex

* create user mutation

* wip

* fix ts err

* add product mutation wip

* fix createProduct err

* placeOrder mutation

* graphql subscriptions to start

* docker, k8s commands do formatting wip

* docker, k8s commands docs formatting done

* add some more cmds

* upgrade to eslint v9, nestjs to v11

* build & lint express & nestjs server

* build & lint express & nestjs server

* build & lint express & nestjs server

* build & lint express & nestjs server

* rm root eslint-config

* add eslint

* upgrade next to v15

* react-client

* wip

* update flat-config; update eslint.config.mjs for all pkgs

* lint express-server

* lint express-server

* lint nestjs-server

* lint next-client

* lint react-client

* lint packages

* fix react-client lint

* lint graphql-server

* ignore graphlql-server graphql.ts

* random user integration wip

* datasource integration in gql server

* lint gql-server

* wip

* notes

* fix graphql-server prod start error

* add graphql-server build in build-apps.yml

README.md, after:

# client-server-libs

**Experimenting with different technologies that require client-server interaction**

## Features

- [Turborepo](https://turborepo.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) v18, [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/) v14.1, [ExpressJS](https://expressjs.com/), [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/) v10.3
- 100% [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and Eslint setup alongside `pre-commit` hook.
- [Dockerize](https://docs.docker.com/) images
- Github Actions to test apps & docker images build

## Get Started

The code for shared packages are in the `packages` folder & the applications code in the `apps` folder.

Install `node_modules`

```
yarn
```

Due to some issues with `express` dependencies, you also need to run

```
npm dedupe
```

to scan your `node_modules` and moves dependencies up in the tree if different versions can be consolidated. Delete the `package-lock.json` after running this command.

Build, run, lint or test all your apps in one command thanks to [Turborepo's Pipelines](https://turborepo.org/docs/core-concepts/pipelines)

To build all the shared packages,

```
turbo lib:build
```

Each of the applications have common scripts which can be easily executed in parallel by turborepo's pipelines. Add these in `turbo.json`.

| Command | Result |
|-|-|
|`dev`| Run development server |
|`build`| Build the application |
|`start`| Run the production build |
|`prod`| Build the app and then run the build |
|`lint`| Run eslint to fix code |

## Support Me

If you found these code snippets helpful and saved your valuable time, please consider [buying me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/nish1896).
