apps/react-client/README.md, before:

# react-client

## Running the app

Build the local npm package `@csl/shared-fe` first.
```
yarn workspace @csl/shared-fe lib:build
```

```bash
# development
$ yarn run dev

# production mode
$ yarn run start:prod
```

## Libraries & Frameworks used

- [@nish1896/rhf-mui-components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nish1896/rhf-mui-components)
- [axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [dato-cms](https://www.datocms.com/)
- [mui](https://mui.com/)
- [react-helmet-async](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-helmet-async)
- [react-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/)

## PoC

- Implement [Error Boundary](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary)
- File Upload on `express-server`
  - upload single & multiple files for same field
  - convert large video file in chunks
  - convert file as base64 and upload in parts
- Fetching and rendering dynamic data in [Mui Datagrid](https://mui.com/x/react-data-grid/).
  - Supporting sorting, filtering and pagination
  - Complete functionality for CRUD operations for list of people using.

Commit message:

Socket.io & Sequelize Migrations (#7)
* socket.io server setup for express and nest

* socket-io express server setup

* socket to do in react & next app

* socket-io wip

* socket io server wip

* socket.io in next-client

* socket api test wip

* socket-io done

* wip

* migrations wip

* seeders wip

* seeders wip

* seed cars

* update comment

* mysql migrations wip

* mysql migrations wip

* update comands.md files

* migrations wip

* mysql migrations wip

* migration changes wip

* seed mysql db, handle case for optional values

* add scripts to seeder pkgs

* fix car list api

* minor lint fix

* generate migation file cmd

* def buyer model

* def buyerRoute

* add buyers migration & seeder

* isUUIDv6 validation fn

* more exmaple with sequelize include

* add seeder and migration storage notes

* indent docs

apps/react-client/README.md, after:

# react-client

## Running the app

Build the local npm package `@csl/shared-fe` first.
```
yarn workspace @csl/shared-fe lib:build
```

```bash
# development
$ yarn run dev

# production mode
$ yarn run start:prod
```

## Libraries & Frameworks used

- [@nish1896/rhf-mui-components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nish1896/rhf-mui-components)
- [axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [dato-cms](https://www.datocms.com/)
- [mui](https://mui.com/)
- [react-helmet-async](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-helmet-async)
- [react-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/)

## PoC

- Implement [Error Boundary](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary)
- File Upload on `express-server`
  - upload single & multiple files for same field
  - convert large video file in chunks
  - convert file as base64 and upload in parts
- Fetching and rendering dynamic data in [Mui Datagrid](https://mui.com/x/react-data-grid/).
  - Supporting sorting, filtering and pagination
  - Complete functionality for CRUD operations for list of people.
- Integrated [socket.io](https://socket.io/) on client side.
