## S3

1. Each bucket name must be globally unique and it only belongs to the region it is created in.

2. By default the objects in a bucket will not have public access for securiy reasons. Only after enabling the public access, its contents would be publically accessible.

3. Versioning in files can be enabled at bucket level. Same key overwrite will change the version, and previous versions can also be rolled back. It can be enabled in `bucketName > Properties > Bucket Versioning`.
    Any file that is no versioned prior to enabling versioning will have the version **null**. Suspending versioning does not delete the previous versions.

4. S3 Replication - **CRR**(Cross Region Replication) & **SRR**(Same Region Replication) is asynchronous and must have proper IAM permissions. It can be done under `bucketName > Management > Replication rules`. Previously uploaded objects would be to be replicated via a batch operation, but any subsequent uploads in the source bucket after replication has been applied, will also be copied to the destination bucket.
    **S3 Replication requires versioning to be enabled on both the source and destination buckets.**

5. Whenever a file is uploaded in S3, you can create event notifications for a lambda, SNS or SQS trigger in `bucketName > Properties > Event notifications` or enable **Amazon Eventbridge** to build event driven applications at scale using S3 event notifications. Add `Send Message` action in the Policy Generator for your concerned SNS, SQS or lambda. 

6. When trying to upload to S3 using your frontend application, make  sure that the origin hostname is allowed in bucket CORS, under `bucketName > Permissions > CORS`.

    ```
    [
      {
        "AllowedHeaders": [
          "*"
        ],
        "AllowedMethods": [
          "GET",
          "PUT",
          "POST",
          "DELETE"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
          "http://localhost:3000"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": [
          "x-amz-server-side-encryption",
          "x-amz-request-id",
          "x-amz-id-2"
        ],
        "MaxAgeSeconds": 3600
      }
    ]
    ```

    Reference:
    - [Configuring CORS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/enabling-cors-examples.html) 
    - [Elements of CORS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ManageCorsUsing.html)

7.  **Block public access** (bucket settings):

    | Setting | Blocks New? | Blocks Existing? | Impact|
    |-|-|-|-|
    | 1. Block public ACLs (New Only) |	✅ Yes |	❌ No | Prevents new public ACLs, but old ones still work|
    | 2. Block public ACLs (All) | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes | Completely ignores all public ACLs, even old ones |
    | 3. Block public bucket policies (New Only) | ✅ Yes | ❌ No |	Stops new public bucket policies but keeps existing ones |
    | 4. Block public bucket policies (All) | ✅ Yes | ✅ Yes |	Completely disables public/cross-account access via bucket policies |

8.  The contents of an S3 bucket must be emptied before the bucket can be deleted.
